

Narendra Rathore Email : narendrasinghrathore7620@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/rathore-narendra/ Mobile : +91-8055361054
narendrasingh.co/ github.com/narendra632
Education
• 
Nutan College of Engineering and Research Pune, MH
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA - 7.64 2021 – 2025
Experience
• 
AI UNIKA Technologies Pune, MH
Full Stack Intern Nov 2024 - Present
◦ Application Development: Worked in a team on 3 different projects and contributed to building of UI and
development of scalable applications for clients using Next.js and Node.js.
◦ API Integration: Built and integrated RESTful APIs to connect frontend applications with backend systems,
with secure and 30% faster data transfer.
◦ UI/UX: Improved user experiences by creating responsive and accessible UI components and made the application
completely mobile-responsive with Tailwind CSS and React.
◦ Collaboration Tools: Used Agile methodologies for project management and Git version control for testing,
debugging and deployment.
• 
Learnix-IT Bangaluru, KA
Web Developer Intern Jul 2024 - Nov 2024
◦ Web Platform: Developed the company’s platform website, implementing core features including social
authentication, admin dashboard and PhonePe payment integration.
◦ Hosting & SEO: Improved website traffic by 40% through search engine optimization and handled continuous
deployment on Heroku.
◦ UI/UX: Developed a client’s credit bank website, focusing on UI design, secure user authentication, and user
dashboard implementation to elevate customer experience.
Projects
• Deepfake Detector: Developed an application for detection of facially altered videos and achieved 85% accuracy with
confidence analysis.
◦ Model Training: Trained the model on 4000 videos using ResNext and LSTM algorithms, improving prediction
accuracy and reliability.
◦ Web Application: Created a web application using Django for users to upload videos for deepfake detection.
◦ Twitter Integration: Built a web scraper to fetch #deepfakedornot flagged posts from Twitter (X), enabling
video search, download, testing, and notifying users about the authenticity of their uploads.
• Codement 24: Developed the hackathon website, displaying event details and facilitating participant registrations.
◦ SEO & Hosting: Built using Django and Bootstrap, with SEO best practices to improve visibility and website
ranking. Hosted on Heroku at www.codement.tech/codement-24
◦ Registrations: Website garnered more than 6000 visits, successfully registering 100 teams (380 participants) for
the hackathon.
Skills
Languages: JavaScript, Typescript, Python, SQL, C, C++, Java
Frameworks: React.js, Node.js, Flask, Django, Next.js, Express.js, Bootstrap, Tailwind
Web Development: HTML, CSS, Jquery, RESTful APIs, Postman, MySQL, Git, Figma
Technical Skills: Full Stack Development, Web Hosting & SEO, Data Structures and Algorithms, Testing and Debugging
Courses: Full Stack Open by University of Helsinki, Blockchain Developer Program by Solana Foundation & Nas.io
Achievements
• Ranked in top 5 teams for 2 national level hackathon , winner of inter collegiate Project expo outperforming 50 teams
• Being IIC Coordinator represented the institute at IIC Regional Meet 2023 for outstanding contributions to innovation
and startup ecosystem.
• Started a community named Codement at campus and Led marketing, sponsorships, and execution of two national-level
hackathons, managing a team of 50 members as the club lead.